Credits:
Storm Dragon: Creater/Author
Anthony: Helps test new code


License LGPL

NOTES:
Players who can see, who are not using the blind mode on the game:
For better readability, open aa.tin and delete the line:
#GAG              {^$}

Quest code works great now. The code now uses the newly added kxwt_event quest feature. In short, this means quests are posted right away, no odd hacks needed.
Sound now uses sox. Although you can still set a new player in sound variables it will most likely break the trigger pack. Sox is available for pretty much every distro though so there shouldn't be any problems.
To counter the bug in gnome-terminal with the Orca screen reader, a space has been added to the beginning of each line.
If you don't need this and want to get rid of it, open aa.tin and delete the line:
#SUBSTITUTE       {%*}  { %0}  {1}
Work has started on background music/sound effects. If you happen to notice a lot of blank lines and the screen is hard to read type:
set ctrigger off
There are no sound effects for backgrounds yet. If you want to make some read help wxkt_terrain in the game. the terrain files should be terrain-number.ogg where number is the number corrisponding to the terrain type. For example, terain-2.ogg would be for towns. Until work is finished on terrain sounds music will be off by default.

Mac Installation:
Download and extract the Mac binary of tintin++ from
http://tintin.sourceforge.net/download.php
Install macports:
http://www.macports.org/install.php
Install xcode available free   from the Mac app store
Open terminal:
To install tintin++ system wide you can move it to /opt/local/bin/ If
you have extracted the files in the Downloads directory, the command
would be:
sudo mv ~/Downloads/tt++ /opt/local/bin/tt++
sudo port install git-core sox wget xz coreutils
After everything has installed successfully link the commmand gshuf to the command shuf by typing:
sudo ln /opt/local/bin/gshuf /opt/local/bin/shuf
To be able to use the alt key abilities provided in this trigger pack, open terminal preferences and on the keyboard tab check use option as meta. Finally, select the file menu and choose use as defaults.

Connecting:
To connect, edit name.tin. Change the text in the second set of braces in each of the 2 variables to match your character's name and password.
To start tintin++ with the sound and trigger pack loaded type:
tt++ aa.tin
To login your existing character type either aa or login and press enter.
If this is your first time logging in, or if you have updated skills and spells using another client, type the word load and press enter after your character is logged in. This is important for some of the automatic features.

Requirements:
tintin++, sox, shuf, and wget
Optional:
cmus, fbcmd, and TTYtter

Skills and Spells:
Some skills and spells can automatically be used while you are playing. To make sure everything is set up, type load. You should only need to do this once, because the data will now be saved in the file game_data.tin. To make sure the data is up to date, when you practice a new skill or spell, type skill or spell followed by the name of the skill or spell you just practiced. for example, if you have just practiced kick for the first time, type:
skill kick
to make sure it is added to the variables in game_data.tin.
An example of autousage is clay man for necromancers. To turn on automatic recast when your clay man dies type autoclay and to turn it back off type noautoclay.

Twitter:
You can have achievements like backstabs, levels, and achievements posted to Twitter. If you have the CLI Twitter client TTYtter installed and configured correctly, type twitter and events will be posted. To turn it off type notwitter.

Commands:
In most cases, for longer words, you can type part of the command. The exception to this is auto stuff like autoclay, autobone, autofiend, autostore, etc - You will have to experiment because the  commands start where mud commands end. For example, if you type fire, you will connect to the fire channel. If, however, you type fireb all the way through fireball, you will cast the spell fireball if you have it.
F$: Controls all minions to consume any available corpse.
F7: Sound volume down.
F8: Sound volume up.
alt+1 through alt+0 play last 1 through tenth message.
alt+w makes a wood woad if you have the spell and woad material is in your container.
alt+g makes a bone guardian if the requirements are met.
alt+shift+G: Greet the last friend to enter the game.
alt+u northwest
alt+i north
alt+shift+I up
alt+o northeast
alt+j west
alt+k enter portal
alt+l east
alt+, south
alt+shift+< down
alt+m southwest
alt+. southeast
.: cast word of recall (requires spell word of recall).
,: cast group recall (requires spell group recall).
alt+left and right arrow or alt+- or =: switch channel buffer. current channels are all, auction, ct, and tells. You can access the last 10 messages by pressing alt+1 through alt+0.
alt+\: Gets an item from your container and uses it. Set the item to be used with the scroll item command, for example, scroll softdrink will set the item to softdrink.
autobuypractice: automatically buys a practice when you have enough experience points. Make sure you want to do this before setting it. There is a sound notification for when this happens, train_practice.ogg.
noautobuypractice: Turns off autobuypractice, see above.
autoclay cast clay man automatically if your current clay man dies
autobonearmor recast bone armor when it drops. Will automatically soulbind the armor if you have the skill and a blue soulstone. use noautobonearmor to turn it off.
autojunk: Discard spell components harvested from corpses. To turn it off type noautojunk.
autorecast: Set spells like armor and shield to recast automatically when they drop.
noautorecast: turns off autorecast.
autowoad automatically try to create a new wood woad if the current woad dies.
(NOTES: turn off the autocast with noautoclay or noautowoad. These should not be used together and turning on one should disable the other.
the variable woadMaterial should be set to the material you want to use to create the woad. The material for creating the woad should be located in your container. The container variable needs to be set for this to work as well. Anytime you put something somewhere the destination is set as your container. So, put gondola sack will set your container as sack)
autobone tries to make a bone guardian automatically. You need container set and some deanimated bones in your container for this to work. Of course the container variable has to be set.
autometal Makes a metal construct, same requirements aas bone guardian and wood woad except the material has to be metal.
autofiend Automatically make a new shadow fiend if the current one leaves or dies. You need soulstones of pale bluee or deep blue in your container for this to work.
autoheal automatically heal someone if you hp them and they have less than a third of their hitpoints
noautoheal turn off autohealing this is default
automap: uses the map command automatically on each move to show where you have and have not explored.
noautomap: Disable automap.
autorecall automatically recalls you if you drop to pretty hurt or awful condition.
noautorecall turns off autorecall. this is default.
autorefresh will refresh you automatically if your mv is below a fifth. Requires ctrigger to be set to on. This is the default now.
noautorefresh turns off autorefresh.
beeps: Turn on enemy condition notifications using beeps.
nobeeps: Turn off enemy condition beeps.
bgmusic turn background music on
nobgmusic turn background music off
bless cast bless n yourself
bless target cast bless on someone else
bm or bloodmist cast bloodmist
bm or bloodmist target cast bloodmist on target
brag cap or brag gt cap will brag your experience cap. this is not available in normal brag commands.
browser name: sets name as your browser, for example browser firefox will set your browser to firefox.
cconf setting: Find out if something is set. for example, cconf autowoad will tell you if you have autowoad set. True is on and false is off.
csave: Forces saving of game_data.tin where all your variables, aliases and custom triggers should be. This may be buggy, so back up often if you use this.
cp game_data.tin game_data.tin.bak
combatsound turn on combat sound like slashes, punches, kicks, etc. This is default.
nocombatsound turns off combat sound.
facebook: Post achievements to facebook. This requires fbcmd to be installed. There is a how-to at: http://stormdragon.us/?p=223
nofacebook: Turns off posting to Facebook.
fireball and fb cast fireball
fireball and fb target cast fireball on a specific target
cfb or cfireball channelcast fireball
cfb or cfireball target channelcast fireball on a specific target
ff cast firefield
cff channelcast firefield
forge stone: This will cast soulforge on 2 stones in your inventory. You can sort of control it, for example forge blue will forge 2 blue soulstones. If you have a blue and  a purple, you should use forge soulstone.
hands cast all available hand spells on yourself burning hands, shocking grasp, sacred and sickening touch
hands target cast all available hand spells on someone else burning hands, shocking grasp, sacred and sickening touch
icebolt and ib cast icebolt
icebolt and ib target cast icebolt on a specific target
id object cast identify on the specified object
lb or lightning cast lightning bolt
lb or lightning target cast lightning bolt on specified target
clb or clightning channel cast lightning bolt
clb or clightning target channel cast lightning bolt on specified target
scroll item: Sets item as your battle scroll. When it is set, pressing alt+backslash will get the item from your container and use it.
speech Uses speech-dispatcher to read tells and some other types of communication like clantell. You can change the rate with the speechrate command as in speechrate 80. Anything from -100 to 100 will work.
nospeech turns off speech-dispatcher for tells, this is default.
track location:  Use the nearby command to find areas close to you, then to get constant directions type track keyword where keyword is part of the area's name that is unique for that area. e.g. track castle will lead you to an area with  the name containing castle, just make sure no other areas nearby contain the word castle, if they do, choose a different keyword. Turn it off with the word track by itself.
rsoc: Does a random social. (warning, there are some very interesting socials)
rsoc name: Does a random social to name. (warning, there are some very interesting socials)
twitter post achievements and deaths to Twitter requires the program TTYtter to be installed and properly configured. There is a how-to at: http://stormdragon.us/?p=131
notwitter: Turn off posts to Twitter.
To sac a corpse type x and press enter. You will use any skills you have like corpsecutter and/or bloodsacrifice.
If you have the kick skill k will be aliased to kick.
b is currently set to backstab. before using it you should set your stab weapon with the swield alias.
swield set your backstab weapon. e.g. swield dagger
load will show all your skills and spells and set the variables necessary for their automatic use.
scan direction scans in a specific direction where direction is up, down, north, east, west, south. When scanning north or south the subdirections like northeast or southwest wil be included for that direction.
t will throw a weapon.
Some of these will work  even if you don't have the skill, this will change as work progresses.
vote: Opens your browser to the mudconnect voting page for Alter Aeon You are allowed one vote per day..
autostore put certain items in your container. For now just soulstones.
noautostore turn autostorage off.
You will not autostore yellow and red soulstones.

Equipment Sets:
There are built in change commands to wear equipment sets quickly. To use the speed switching you must name your eqset like so:
cclev = cleric cast level
mclev = mage cast level
nclev = necromancer cast level
tsklev = thief skill level
wsklev = warrior skill level
to change into a set simply type the first letter of the set you want followed by the word set. For example, to change into mage cast level you would type mset or for warrior skill level wset.
To create an equipment set in the game, while wearing the equipment you want to include in the set, type eqset create name container. for example, to store mclev in your bag you would type:
eqset create mclev bag

Music:
If you like to listen to music using cmus while playing, you can now control it right from within tintin++. Here are the controls:
alt+z: previous track
alt+x: play
alt+c pause
alt+v stop (if you are in gnome-terminal use alt+shift+V)
alt+b: next track
alt+shift+R toggle repeat
alt+shift+S: toggle shuffle
alt+shift+_: volume down
alt+shift++: volume up
alt+shift+M: Post currently playing file to music channel

Botting:
Because it is hard to make a generic bot for leveling any character that is left to the user. You can create classes and read them in as needed and still use variables and triggers defined in the main file. if you create a bot load it like this:
#class bot read bot.tin
and when you are finished close it with:
#class bot kill
Some bots that are not combat based will be added as they are written.
Woadbot
If you have deanimate and wood woad spells you can create woads automatically and deanimate them for future use. To do this, go to the boat shop in Zin, n from wp, e to the bridge, s, s, e, s, s, s, w, n and then type:
buildwoads number
where number is the amount of woads you want to create for example:
buildwoads 20
will make 20 wood woads, deanimate them, and store them in your container. Each woad currently costs 12 gold. It is best to do this while afk, because there is a 30 second regen time between each woad. You will get a message when the process starts and completes. If you are using tensor's floating disk and it gets full the bot will automatically cast a new one for you. You can not create an infinite number of woads though because the disks only last a short time.

Contributing
If you make triggers or edit the aa.tin file in any way, please load it with tintin++ and save it with #write
If you make triggers or edit the aa.tin file in any way, please load it with tintin++ and save it with #write aa.tin before committing it so that everything will be in the standard tintin++ format. Please test your code before submitting.


